compute: keep base64 encoded user_data as is (#206)
exoscale/terraform-provider-exoscale: website/docs/r/compute.html.markdown

- `zone` - (Required) name of [the data-center](https://www.exoscale.com/datacenters/)

> - `user_data` - [cloud-init](http://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) configuration. Whenever possible don't base64 neither gzip it yourself. This will be taken care off by the provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `user_data` - [cloud-init](http://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) configuration. Whenever possible don't base64 encode neither gzip it yourself. This will be automatically taken care of on your behalf by the provider.
```
